---
layout: post
title: 日常英语阅读——为何没有女友
---
>来自Quora https://www.quora.com/Why-dont-I-have-a-girlfriend-9

## 第一篇  

Saurav Sharma（Python全栈开发人员）更新于Jun 12, 2019

You visit a public place like a shopping mall or a multiplex, you see couples your age holding hands with each other, eating, hanging out together and shopping.

If you are a guy, you look at the couple and say “Damm, they are a beautiful couple, I wish I had a girlfriend like that”. “I am a lot better looking than this guy, yet how am I single yet?”.

I can’t speak for single girls about what they think but I’m sure they must think the same way as guys do.

A few minutes later you hate being single and feel bad about yourselves.

However, I want to tell you something that will completely change your perspective about this.

Most regular people who are career oriented are single and probably never had a boyfriend/girlfriend in their lives and that is a fact.

You are single, not because you look bad or that girls are not attracted to you.

You are single because you didn’t give relationships a priority as you prioritized your career, work, hobby or passion.

Whereas the guy at the mall with a beautiful girlfriend probably has prioritized finding a girlfriend and has put in a lot of time and effort into it.

I have many extremely good looking friends, girls, and guys who are still single just because of being career oriented.

It’s not like he just saw that girl one day, he proposed her and they got into a relationship, it does not happen that way.

You never know what things he might have compromised to get into a relationship. You just see them at the mall, you don’t know how their relationship is built internally.

But aren’t there people who are successful career-wise and are still into a relationship?

Of course, there are, but they are quite rare. There is a rare chance that two career-oriented people meet coincidentally and still find time to date each other. If you know any such people, I'm sure they still had to invest a lot of time, energy and effort into a relationship which eventually takes a toll on their career.

If you want a girlfriend badly then make it your priority and be prepared to sacrifice your career or goals or hobbies.

Or maybe wait till you get your career in order so that you may later invest your time into relationships.

## 第二篇  

Michael Craven（63 yrs of human experiences & observations of people）更新于Jun 27, 2019  

Look, almost everyone was nervous about their first date. Do you have any female friends? If you don’t, so should get some.

Many women make awesome friends. They’ll be honest, genuinely caring, funny, smart and can be incredible multitaskers when circumstances call.

Put the whole idea of “love” and “sex” out of the equation. Be genuinely interest in them. So deal with social awkwardness to start with, but in order to be good at something, you can’t just give it lip service, you have to practice, go on dates, make foolish mistakes, make great decisions, see what genuine affection is. Dating advice is everywhere, and here on Quora from everything I’ve read that was posted by women, I am convinced that they’re offering a lot. They’ll tell you things too, about dating, life, how to have fun.

It was a female friend that drew me out of my shell. I wouldn’t be the man I am today if we had not been for those couple of years we dated.

Keep asking questions. Be kind and gentle with women, make them laugh, make them smile, make them your friend and show your true self, be honest. I don’t know of any women who like liars, players, cheaters, or whiners.

Also, be sure you can recognize it when you see it. The initial attraction, the one based on the physical, will fade when the neurotransmitter and hormones levels return to there normal levels. The one based on emotions will fade once the novelty wears off. Once the physical/emotional/psychological stuff wears off, what you’ll be left with is the person. Find the people you can like and make friends with you’ll be well on your way.

Have some patience with yourself, you’re gonna be a newbie like the rest of us were once. Hell, when I was 19, I knew zero about women, but knew a lot about sex and biology, at least from a physical point of view. I knew nothing about my own emotions except that emotional pain hurt a lot more and lasted longer than physical injury. So somewhere along the way, you’ll need to do a real self-assessment as well. It’ll make things a lot easier too. You’ll know who you are, know what you want, and where you're going.

Hope you find this useful. Good luck.

## 第三篇  
Isabella de Souza 回答于Feb 6, 2018  

Originally Answered: Why can't I find a girlfriend?
The reasons might surprise you. And I'll tell you how to do it. (Spoiler: there's a lot to it).

First, finding the right person takes time. Sometimes a lot. And you may lose them, but you’ll find another one. Eventually you’ll find a relationship that will last.

Second. Everyone one has things they can get better at. While you don't find a girl, make sure you’ll impress her when you do. Everyone can become kinder, more understanding, smarter, stronger, etc. See what you could improve and make a routine that includes activities to work on them. Because that's how objectives are achieved. Repetition. Yeah, it's slow and will be tough at first. But there's no magic solution. No pain, no gain.

Don't know what to do? You can ask your friends to evaluate you (it's always better to have a second opinion), or simply Google for some tasks to help you.

Ok, let's say you did it. Followed your routine for months. It sucked at first weeks. But you did it. Why aren't girls swarming over you yet?

Well, you know what? The truth is, when you look for a relationship, you’ll hardly get it. When you say “Screw it! I’m good on my own, don't need anyone!”. Boom. Ladies knocking at your door.

Why?

My best guess is for a psycological phenomenon called “Scarcity Principle”. We tend to prefer what’s hard to get than what is easy, or abundant. If it's overly hard, people lose interest, but what seems above the usual “Here I am, come and get me!” it's more attractive. Like gold. It's rare, that's one of the reasons why it's so valuable (besides it's usefulness). I don't mean exactly playing hard. Demonstrating interest sometimes is good.

There's more to it.

But first, be happy. As you are. I don't mean to sit on your butt and settle. I mean enjoy your life. Pursue your goals. Always headstrong. Why? Negative, sad people aren't attractive. And focus on yourself first.

Opportunities comes eventually. First and and foremost, enjoy yourself. Yes, be yourself. It will never work on the long therm if you’re not comfortable on your own skin.

Then, you’ll know what to do. If it doesn't work with one, two, three or more, it's just great. They weren't for you. Patience is a virtue.

Third. Many relationships go sour. You're not necessarily unfortunate for not having to go through bad breakups, and the heartache that comes with it. Relationships are generally good, but it's not only fun and flowers. Bright side is, no headaches or worries about it. It can really suck. So, choose wisely who you spend your limited time with.

Don't endure abusive relationships. It’ll ruin you and your life.

Find someone who builds you up.